What did I do well this sprint?
For the first sprint, I think I did fairly well. I've clocked in at almost ten hours, which is less than half of what the tutors warned me about which makes me worry that I've missed something, but I've checked and triple checked the waffle tickets and I'm fairly sure I haven't. 
I feel happy with my HTML and CSS, and pleased that I'm doing as well as I am with the command line and gitbas... though I just forgot to pull down the changes to phase-0 before trying to push new stuff and spent ten minutes wondering why it didn't work. Oops. But I figured it out and am proud of myself for it. I got through all the readings, absorbed what I needed to, bookmarked the hell out of it, and skimmed what didn't need every line read - something I'm not good at usually, out of fear of missing something vitally important. Overall, I'm satisfied and feel like I've got fairly solid ground under my feet, ready to move to the next sprint.

What didn't I do well this sprint?
Right after learning about timeboxing I didn't think to timebox myself for the blog writing, and so spent nearly three hours (more, if you count breaks) writing my second post. I'm happy with the post, but I could have made better use of my time. 

What can I improve on next sprint?
I'm doing okay with scheduling study time around my job, but I'd like to be more consistent with which evenings I spend studying and which I don't. I also want to make sure I take enough time to rest on the weekends so that I don't start the work week exhausted, which I think is what will happen tomorrow. I also want to do better with doing the tickets and readings in order; I'm not sure why, but right at the beginning I read the github walkthrough before I read whichever page had all the basic terminology, so I was very confused as to what some of the phrases meant until after I read the other page, a day later. I also uploaded my timesheet before doing this reflection because I read "0.0" on the ticket name and, because that seems to apply to all sprints, assumed the "End of sprint" section there should be done at the very end. Oops. 