What did I do well this sprint? <br>
I feel as though I am getting a good grasp on html and css.  Not to say that I know everything, faaaar from it.  But I am getting a good bank together of resources that I can go to when I am stuck or confused.  I am also increasing my understanding by doing these things as I learn them.<br>
What didn't I do well this sprint?<br>
To be honest, sometimes I struggle with the repetition.  I know that it is necessary and great for really making sure that you understand what you are doing and learning, but sometimes I started to tune out watching the Udacity videos because it was stuff that I have been over a few times now on lots of different sites.  The good thing about that were the challenges because there were a couple where I was a bit humbled because I thought, "I don't really need to pay too much attention to this because I know this", and then the challenge would ask me something and the answer wouldn't be readily apparent to me.  It's good to have those mooments every so often to remind you that you never know it all and even when you think you know sometimes you really don't! lol<br>
What can I improve on next sprint?<br>
So I guess what I can improve on is not taking it for granted what I am learning and really focus on it all because this is a different style of learning going through this process and especially with my busy home life (which comes with many distractions!) I am at risk of thinking Im taking it in but not absorbing all the pertinant information.
