 What did I do well through my nine sprints in Phase 0?
    In the 9 sprints for phase 0 I think what I did well was making sure I read all the readings given, making sure I take in as much informaiton as possible and not miss out a potential to learn. Also for the 9 sprints it was rewarding knowing that I have been able to do this on my own. I understand that the bootcamp will be much more challenging but this was a good feeling and start, it gives momentum going into the bootcamp. 
 What could I have done to improve through my nine sprints in Phase 0?
    I always feel like I could have done more, re-do this project, or did something a bit faster. But the good thing is I will be able to do these while I have time between completing the 9 sprints and the bootcamp. There have been concepts that I have not fully grasped that I feel like I need to go back and improve on. I fell in the trap of thinking understanding something and applying that code was the same. It is very different being able to read code and acutally apply it. This will have to be kept in mind as more knowlege is picked up.
 What learnings and habits have I developed that will help me in Bootcamp?
    A good learning habit developed from phase-0 that will be important for bootcamp is really practicing the problem solving techniques. This I think will be helpful in finding out what went wrong as we code through the camp. Also as the camp went along I got more and more comfortable in asking for help from my peers to understand a certain part of code or sprint. I think team interactions will be key in learning at the bootcamp.